Address async issues (#1027)
dotnet/csharpstandard: standard/classes.md

It is a compile-time error for the formal parameter list of an async function to specify any `in`, `out`, or `ref` parameters, or any parameter of a `ref struct` type.

> The *return_type* of an async method shall be either `void` or a ***task type***. For an async method that produces a result value, a task type shall be generic. For an async method that does not return a value, a task type shall not be generic. Such types are referred to in this specification as `«TaskType»<T>` and `«TaskType»`, respectively. The Standard library type `System.Threading.Tasks.Task` and types constructed from `System.Threading.Tasks.Task<TResult>` are task types, as well as a class, struct or interface type that is associated with a ***task builder type*** via the attribute `System.Runtime.CompilerServices.AsyncMethodBuilderAttribute`. Such types are referred to in this specification as `«TaskBuilderType»<T>` and `«TaskBuilderType»`. A task type can have at most one type parameter and cannot be nested in a generic type.

Reviewer: Do we need "result value" rather than just "result"? (Genuinely not sure.)

Reviewer: It does occur 5 times already, so it's at least not introducing something new.

>
> *end example*

> A task builder type is a class or struct type that corresponds to a specific task type ([§15.15.2](classes.md#15152-task-type-builder-pattern)). The task builder type must have the same declared accessibility as its corresponding task type.

Reviewer: Is this actually true? That would feel like a pity - I could imagine a public task type with an internal task builder type, where basically there can be public methods returning the task type, but other assemblies couldn't create instances of the task type. (I haven't tested this.)

Reviewer 2: In C# 10, the internal task builder type can be used by decorating the async method (rather than the task type) with AsyncMethodBuilderAttribute.  <https://github.com/dotnet/csharpstandard/issues/858>

An async function has the ability to suspend evaluation by means of await expressions ([§12.9.8](expressions.md#1298-await-expressions)) in its body. Evaluation may later be resumed at the point of the suspending await expression by means of a ***resumption delegate***. The resumption delegate is of type `System.Action`, and when it is invoked, evaluation of the async function invocation will resume from the await expression where it left off. The ***current caller*** of an async function invocation is the original caller if the function invocation has never been suspended or the most recent caller of the resumption delegate otherwise.

### 15.15.2 Task-type builder pattern

> A task builder type can have at most one type parameter and cannot be nested in a generic type. A task builder type shall have the following members (for non-generic task builder types, `SetResult` has no parameters) with declared `public` accessibility:

Reviewer: So an internal task builder type still needs to have public members? That seems a little odd.

Author: Yes. That's the current implementation. See #1029 for an upcoming roslyn change.

>
> *end example*

> A task builder type is a class or struct type that corresponds to a specific task type ([§15.15.2](classes.md#15152-task-type-builder-pattern)). The task builder type must exactly match the declared accessibility as its corresponding task type.

Author: ```suggestion
A task builder type is a class or struct type that corresponds to a specific task type ([§15.15.2](classes.md#15152-task-type-builder-pattern)). The task builder type shall exactly match the declared accessibility of its corresponding task type.
```

>
> *end example*

> A task builder type is a class or struct type that corresponds to a specific task type ([§15.15.2](classes.md#15152-task-type-builder-pattern)). The task builder type must exactly match the declared accessibility as its corresponding task type.

Reviewer: For some reason I can't leave a suggestion here, but I think "of its" would read better than "as its". (Or change to "have the same declared accessibility as its corresponding task type").

- `SetStateMachine(IAsyncStateMachine)` may be called by the compiler-generated `IAsyncStateMachine` implementation to identify the instance of the builder associated with a state machine instance, particularly for cases where the state machine is implemented as a value type.
  - If the builder calls `stateMachine.SetStateMachine(stateMachine)`, the `stateMachine` will call `builder.SetStateMachine(stateMachine)` on the *builder instance associated with* `stateMachine`.

> > *Note*: For both `SetResult(T result)` and `«TaskType»<T> Task { get; }`, the parameter and argument respectively must be identity convertible to `T`. This allows a task-type builder to support types such as tuples, where two types that aren't the same are identity convertible. *end note*

Author: ```suggestion
> *Note*: For both `SetResult(T result)` and `«TaskType»<T> Task { get; }`, the parameter and argument respectively shall be identity convertible to `T`. This allows a task-type builder to support types such as tuples, where two types that aren't the same are identity convertible. *end note*
```

> > *Note*: For both `SetResult(T result)` and `«TaskType»<T> Task { get; }`, the parameter and argument respectively shall be identity convertible to `T`. This allows a task-type builder to support types such as tuples, where two types that aren't the same are identity convertible. *end note*

Author: ```suggestion
> *Note*: For both `SetResult(T result)` and `«TaskType»<T> Task { get; }`, the parameter and argument respectively must be identity convertible to `T`. This allows a task-type builder to support types such as tuples, where two types that aren't the same are identity convertible. *end note*
```

When the body of the async function terminates, the return task is moved out of the incomplete state:

- If the function body terminates as the result of reaching a return statement or the end of the body, any result value is recorded in the return task, which is put into a *succeeded* state.

> - If the function body terminates because of an uncaught `OperationCanceledException`, the exception is recorded in the return task which is put into the *canceled* state.

Author: ```suggestion
- If the function body terminates because of an uncaught `OperationCanceledException`, the exception is recorded in the return task which is put into the *cancelled* state.
```

> - If the function body terminates because of an uncaught `OperationCanceledException`, the exception is recorded in the return task which is put into the *cancelled* state.

Author: ```suggestion
- If the function body terminates because of an uncaught `OperationCanceledException`, the exception is recorded in the return task which is put into the *canceled* state.
```
